ai-analyst-main/ai-analyst-main/README.md, before:

# AI Analyst by E2B
This is an AI-powered code and data analysis tool built with Next.js and the [E2B SDK](https://e2b.dev/docs).

![Preview](preview.png)

→ Try on [ai-analyst.e2b.dev](https://ai-analyst.e2b.dev/)

## Features
- 🔸 Analyze data with Meta's Llama 3.1
- 🔸 Upload CSV files
- 🔸 Create interactive charts

**Powered by:**
- 🔸 ✶ [E2B Sandbox](https://github.com/e2b-dev/code-interpreter)
- 🔸 Vercel's AI SDK
- 🔸 Next.js
- 🔸 echarts library for interactive charts

**Supported LLM Providers:**
- 🔸 TogetherAI
- 🔸 Fireworks

**Supported chart types:**
- 🔸 All the supported charts are descriebd [here](https://e2b.dev/docs/code-interpreting/create-charts-visualizations/interactive-charts#supported-intertactive-charts).

**Make sure to give us a star!**

<img width="165" alt="Screenshot 2024-04-20 at 22 13 32" src="https://github.com/mishushakov/llm-scraper/assets/10400064/11e2a79f-a835-48c4-9f85-5c104ca7bb49">


## Get started

Visit the [online version](https://ai-analyst.e2b.dev/) or run locally on your own.

### 1. Clone repository
```
git clone https://github.com/e2b-dev/ai-analyst.git
```

### 2. Install dependencies
```
cd fragments && npm i
```

### 3. Get API keys
Copy `.example.env` to `.env.local` and fill in variables for E2B and one LLM provider.

E2B: `E2B_API_KEY`

- Get your [E2B API key here](https://e2b.dev/dashboard?tab=keys).

LLM Providers:

- Fireworks: `FIREWORKS_API_KEY`
- Together AI: `TOGETHER_API_KEY`
- Ollama: `OLLAMA_BASE_URL`

Commit message:

Replace E2B API with Open WebUI

ai-analyst-main/ai-analyst-main/README.md, after:

# AI Analyst
This is an AI-powered code and data analysis tool built with Next.js. The default setup now uses [Open WebUI](https://github.com/open-webui/open-webui) with [Ollama](https://ollama.com/) for running models.

![Preview](preview.png)

→ Try on [Open WebUI](https://github.com/open-webui/open-webui)

## Features
- 🔸 Analyze data with Meta's Llama 3.1
- 🔸 Upload CSV files
- 🔸 Create interactive charts

**Powered by:**
- 🔸 Vercel's AI SDK
- 🔸 Next.js
- 🔸 echarts library for interactive charts

**Supported LLM Providers:**
- 🔸 TogetherAI
- 🔸 Fireworks

**Supported chart types:**
- 🔸 All the supported charts are descriebd [here](https://e2b.dev/docs/code-interpreting/create-charts-visualizations/interactive-charts#supported-intertactive-charts).

**Make sure to give us a star!**

<img width="165" alt="Screenshot 2024-04-20 at 22 13 32" src="https://github.com/mishushakov/llm-scraper/assets/10400064/11e2a79f-a835-48c4-9f85-5c104ca7bb49">


## Get started

Visit the [online version](https://ai-analyst.e2b.dev/) or run locally on your own.

### 1. Clone repository
```
git clone https://github.com/e2b-dev/ai-analyst.git
```

### 2. Install dependencies
```
cd fragments && npm i
```

### 3. Configure Open WebUI
Copy `.example.env` to `.env.local` and fill in variables for Open WebUI and one LLM provider.

Open WebUI: `OPENWEBUI_BASE_URL`

- Example using Docker:
  ```bash
  docker run -d -p 3000:8080 -v open-webui:/app/backend/data --name open-webui --restart always ghcr.io/open-webui/open-webui:ollama
  ```

LLM Providers:
- Fireworks: `FIREWORKS_API_KEY`
- Together AI: `TOGETHER_API_KEY`
- Ollama: `OLLAMA_BASE_URL`
